gh-118761: Improve import time by lazy import of `warnings` (#129765)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-02-07-05-55-08.gh-issue-118761.aayL_A.rst

> Improve import time of :mod:`codeop` by lazy import ``warnings``. Patch by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve import time of various stdlib by lazy import ``warnings``. Patch by
```

> Improve import time of various stdlib by lazy import ``warnings``. Patch by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improve import time of various stdlib modules by lazy import ``warnings``. Patch by
```
